Change "Server" to "Enterprise" (#218)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/SCM-BestPractices/github/README.md

* **Maintainer** who wants to improve the security posture for one or more
GitHub repositories they support.
* **Owner** who wants to improve the security posture for one or more GitHub
organizations they manage. 
* **Open Source Program Office (OSPO)** who is typically responsible for
multiple organizations and repositories.
* **Operations** team tasked with applying policies as part of their work
managing assets on GitHub.

> * **GitHub Enterprise Server admin** who wants to improve the security posture
> for their server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **GitHub Enterprise administrator** who wants to improve the security posture for their enterprise.
```
